As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
A glittering gem is not enough.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
I want more detailed information.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.\
Love is not like pizza.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
I’m a living furnace.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
She cried diamonds.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.